[temp] Replace 'could' and 'might' (#4359)
cplusplus/draft: source/templates.tex

\begin{example}

> A single class template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible for a single class template
```

\tcode{List}

> provides an unbounded set of class definitions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to provide an unbounded set of class definitions:
```

one class \tcode{List<T>} for every type \tcode{T},
each describing a linked list of elements of type \tcode{T}.
Similarly, a class template \tcode{Array} describing a contiguous,
dynamic array can be defined like this:
\begin{codeblock}
template<class T> class Array {

>   T* v;

Reviewer: (Can't comment on this directly because github is terrible.) There's a bogus "may" a few lines below that should be a "can". ISO/CS noticed and called out this one in our discussion so we need to fix it.

Author: may -> can

\item
The template parameter list of a specialization shall not contain default

> template argument values.\footnote{There is no way in which they can be used.}

Reviewer: Ugh, ISO's rules are awful. I think this doesn't really make sense, because such default arguments can't even exist, so of course they can't be used. How about:
```suggestion
template argument values.\footnote{There is no context in which they would be used.}
```

struct A { @\commentellip@ };
struct B : A { @\commentellip@ };
void g(A a, B b) {
  f(a,b);           // error: \tcode{T} can be \tcode{A} or \tcode{B}

>   f(b,a);           // error: \tcode{T} can be \tcode{A} or \tcode{B}

Reviewer: I don't think this is right; it can't be either because this is ill-formed. How about:

"error: `T` deduced as both `A` and `B`"

Author: fixed

void r() {
  f(g1);            // OK: \tcode{T} is \tcode{int} and \tcode{U} is \tcode{float}
  f(g2);            // error: \tcode{T} can be \tcode{char} or \tcode{int}

>   f(g3);            // error: \tcode{U} can be \tcode{char} or \tcode{float}

Reviewer: Similarly here.

Author: fixed
